trashy: add page (#8749)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/trashy.md

# trashy

> > Trashy is a simple, fast, and featureful alternative to rm and trash-cli written in rust.

Reviewer: We prefer an objective description here
```suggestion
> An alternative to `rm` and `trash-cli` written in Rust.
```

> More information: <https://github.com/oberblastmeister/trashy>.

> - Trash several files:

Reviewer: I'm not sure about use `trash` as a verb
```suggestion
- Move a specific file to the trash:
```

`trash {{path/to/file}}`

> - Trash several files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Move specific files to the trash:
```

> `trash {{path/to/file1}} {{path/to/file2}} {{path/to/file3}}`

Reviewer: We use this standard
```suggestion
`trash {{path/to/file1 path/to/file2 ...}}`
```

- List items in the trash:

`trash list`

> - Restore file from trash:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restore a specific file from the trash:
```

`trash restore {{file}}`

> - Empty file from trash:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove a specific file from the trash:
```

`trash empty {{file}}`

> - Restore all files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restore all files from the trash:
```

`trash restore --all`

> - Empty all files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove all files from the trash:
```
